Update Ruleset Engine concepts (#1603)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/firewall/src/content/cf-rulesets/rulesets-api/add-rule.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
alwaysopen: true
order: 786
---

# Add rule to ruleset

Adds a single rule to an existing ruleset. Use this endpoint to add a rule without having to include all the existing ruleset rules in the request.

Use one of the following API endpoints to add a rule to a ruleset:

```bash
---
header: Account-level endpoint
---
POST /accounts/{account-id}/rulesets/{ruleset-id}/rules
```

```bash
---
header: Zone-level endpoint
---
POST /zones/{zone-id}/rulesets/{ruleset-id}/rules
```

> Invoking this method creates a new version of the ruleset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoking these methods creates a new version of the ruleset.
```

Author: It's one API method (Add rule to ruleset) with several available endpoints, so I'd like to keep the singular here.
